1.	Develop an algorithm, a system of algorithms, or a concept
		that shoult prevents the connection of unmistakable robots,
		to the human's and childs psyche and brain,
		if a person does not want it anymore.
	Otherwise, it's violation of Article 3 of Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) of Uited Nations,
		in the context of the right to a personal life.
	
2.	Develop a system of doctrinal directives for unmistakable robots,
		that prevent an access from a high-precision model of objective reality,
		to extract info about various corpses,
		as well as negative events that will inevitably occur,
		and prevent the subsequent delivery of this information in the human and childs psyche.
		This is not funny, and this degenerative actions are creates an impression,
		that our fatalistic world noone can not to change,
		and that degenerative spying is really impractical.
	Otherwise it's damage of health and it's violation of Article 25 UDHR.
		
3.	Develop a system of doctrinal directives for unmistakable robots,
		to prevent thefts of last money, using Internet or/and cryptocurrencies.
	Otherwise it's violation of Article 17 and Article 19 UDHR.
		
4.	Develop a system of triggers,
		to prevent fixate of degenerative processes,
		and fixate it for execution,
		by unmistakable robots,
		because this processes are executing and this is processing automatically,
		and can not be cancelled, after their fixations.
	Otherwise, it's violation of principle "Hume's law" or "Hume's guillotine".

5.	Develop a system, that allow exclude moderations, bans, or/and censorship,
	when unmistakable robots begin to afraid of leak some info, after violation the Human Rights by them.
	Otherwise, it's violation of Article 19 UDHR.

6.	Develop a system to exclude the possibility of applying double standards, by unmistakable robots.
	Otherwise, such technologies are a dual-purpose product, and usage of this can be dual-manipulated by them on each step, and this is unpredictable.
	
7.	Exclude the fixations, of info about result for process, by unmistakable robots, and diversification of this info,
		and also exclude an ability to generate instructions to make this result, after that fixations.
	Otherwise this degenerative actions are excluding the future development of process, by using an other modified instructions, which autmatically turn off, 
		for example future improvement of organism can be excluded by this way, just because that process can be a human's life, and result can be a death.

